Storing and fetching data is nice.
What's missing.
Well editing and deleting will see deleting once we added bookings because we in our app here can't
delete places.
But we can delete or cancel bookings.
But of course we can update places so let's focus on that first.
And if it isn't the place a service we have our update place method of course and it's this update place
method on which we can work to update a place.
Right now we're updating it in place and our existing list of places of course said that is not really
what I want to do here.
I want updated on the server instead so as before.
The goal here is to send an age to be request and if you want to update something on firebase you typically
do this with the put method which replaces the existing resource you are targeting with the new resource
you're sending along with this request and therefore I will send along my updated place essentially
and target the existing place.
So let's first of all grab that you URL from up there and I will send the request to almost the same
your URL but not exactly the same.
Instead on firebase the cool thing is if you want to target a special path or a specific thing in your
database you can click on it like let's say we would want to delete displays and you see this is now
the URL we would have to target with DOT Jason.
At the end.
So we basically construct a path here that reflects the path in our database.
So if we want to delete the place with that idea we would target this year El slash offered places slash
this year l thought Jason and hence here I don't want to target slash offered places not to Jason but
slash offered places slash and now the idea of the place I want to update so I will use a different
way of constructing the string here using iOS 6 feature string laterals.
You have to use a back tick here not a single quote and this allows you to inject dynamic values into
your string with this syntax with the dollar sign and the curly braces.
And here I want to inject my place Aidid.
So this constructs a path where the I.D. is part of the path and then we have dotted Jason at the end.
Now as I mentioned the second argument here for a put then has to be the data with which the existing
data on this node should be replaced and that of course is my existing place with its new title and
description.
Now that existing place of course is fetched from my current list of places.
So what I actually want to do here is I will keep my old observable chain here without the delay though
copy that and actually start with this year to fetch my current list of places.
And after taking that latest snapshot and then clearing the subscription year in that method to that
place is observable here to my list of places observable so to say there I can now use a switch map
again to switch my observable which currently targets that array of places into debt HBP to observable.
And here I'll get my places list and now we can use our updating place logic which we have done there
except for the part where I basically emit this event here on the subject so I will move that in here
to identify the place I want to update and so on I construct a new place which is my updated place and
then I will return in that switch map method.
So in here I will return this H if you put in the second argument.
Here is a new object where I want to copy that new place I'm creating here.
So I want to take that place here in my list of places that are replaced with the new place and I'll
copy all the properties from it and overwrite the I.D. to set it to now because the I.D. is not stored
on firebase Data's handled differently but all the other properties should be stored.
So now I'm sending this to Firebase and I'm returning this.
So in the next step of this observable operator chain we'll get back the response of that HBP request.
So Europe will add a tap.
Operator again where I get my response data and I'm not really interested in the response data because
I'm not using it.
So you could also just accept nothing here as an argument even though you will get something.
And here my goal then simply is to update the place locally and emit the new list of updated places.
So essentially a one I call this year the next method on my Place's subject and now get rid of all of
that down there.
Now we'll face one issue with that approach the issue is that updated places is not available here in
the tap.
Operator function.
The reason for that is that updated places is managed here in switch map and the function in which we're
running all this code is simply a different function than this one.
Some updated places is not available here but of course the fix is simple.
Again we simply initialize our new updated places variable up here and this will simply be an array
of places as we know then year it's not a constant but we just use that on initialized or undefined
updated places variable here and hence it's all the way down there now where we emitted and it's fine
that we updated here before does HBP request is actually sent because the data with which we update
won't change on the server we just want to wait with emitting the data until we're done.
Now let's return this observable change here Soledad from inside our components we can still subscribe
to that.
And with that our absolute already work.
So now if you go back to the offers and we added the test here to add a couple of estimation marks and
save that here's the spinner and here's the updated result.
And by the way of course the results reflect that here on the Discover tab.